Documentation update - Closes #699 (#701)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: README.md

When running a local instance of Lisk Core and Lisk Service that is run by Docker, then the following variable needs to be set: `LISK_CORE_WS="ws://host.docker.internal:8080"`.

> It is strongly recommended to sync Lisk Core with the network **before** starting Lisk Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended to synchronize your Lisk Core node with the network **before** starting the Lisk Service.
```
